# INFORMATION ABOUT FRIEND MESSAGE DATA

The model FriendMessageData is a model that contains the 
information of friend requests, friend information, and chat
messages that may have been sent.

## FriendRequest
* **user**: The username of the user that sent the friend rq
* **status**: The status of the friend request. Can be one of the following:
    * **PENDING**: The friend request has not been accepted or denied
    * **ACCEPTED**: The friend request has been accepted
    * **DENIED**: The friend request has been denied
    * If the friend request has been accepted, 
      the user1 and user2 will be added to each 
      other's friend list, and the friend request will be deleted
    * If the friend request was denied, it will be deleted from
         the database
* **date**: The date the friend request was sent. This will be 
            stored in epoch time, for easy time zone manipulation
* **id**: The id of the friend request. This is a unique id
         that is generated by the database

Friend request information will be stored in the database as a 
python list. An example of this is shown below:

    "user": "atomtables",
    "status": "PENDING",
    "date": 1234567890,
    "id": "72826-7ds7ashd289j-4324764" ***randomly generated***

This will be stored in the database using the JSONField model
for Django. This will allow for easy manipulation of the data
in the database, and easy access through Django templates and
views.

## Friend
* **user**: The username of the user **that was friended**
* **date**: The date the friend was added. This will be 
            stored in epoch time, for easy time zone manipulation
* **id**: The id of the friend. This is a unique id
         that is generated by the database, and this will only be deleted
         if the friend is removed

Friend information will be stored in the database as a python
list. An example of this is shown below:

    "user": "atomtables",
    "date": 1234567890,
    "id": "72826-7ds7ashd289j-4324764" ***randomly generated***

This will be stored in the database using the JSONField model,
the same way as a FriendRequest. Friend information will be 
accessed by the user using the url: `/friends/<username>`. To
chat with a friend, a user will go to `/chatting/<username>`. The user
will be unable to chat with a user until they have sent a friend
request, and the friend request has been accepted.

## Message
Every person will communicate with their friends, and these
messages will be sent and stored on the other side. If the user
is online, messages will be sent directly to their user with
the same JSON layout. Otherwise, if they are not online, the
messages will be stored in the database. The database will only
hold 100 messages from each friend before deleting the earlier
messages.

* Each item will be in a dictionary in the list.
  * **user**: the username of the person who sent the message
  * **date**: the epoch time when the message was sent
  * **message**: the message information

Message information will be stored in the database as a python
list. An example of this is shown below.

    [
        {
            "user": "atomtables",
            "date": 1234567890,
            "message": "this is testing",
        },
        {
            "user": "atomchairs",
            "date": 1234567890,
            "message": "ok got it",
        },
    ]
    